[Autogenerated] I will not go into much detail to describe what the
perspective is because thought gentle or did that in his eclipse guided
through calls available here on Parasite.
In a nutshell, Perspective is just an arrangement of a toolbar and a set of user.
Here we have the Project Explorer on the left,
the outline on the right and several views at the bottom of this You.
I let us first create a Java project.
We have several solutions for that.
The first Wallner is to see, like the pop up menu from the Project Explorer on.
Then click on Project here we will be presented with this battle.
We can also get the same panel by clicking the button
here and selecting new project here.
From this, we're going to select the Java project.
Next.
Given a motto our project Let us call it First Project.
Choose a a J.
D.
K.
To run our project by default, Eclipse will use the same J.
D.
K.
As the Wallner.
It is using itself on a project Lee outward and here
we're going to use the default.
Create separate folders for sources and class file.
Let us click.
Finish eclipse is asking us if want to switch to the Java perspective,
which is a little simpler than the Java e perspective.
So let us do that and you see that we have a simple
little bar on an arrangement of use,
which is slightly different and on the top right of this,
why?
Who?
We can choose to go back to the Java e perspective, all to stay on the Java SC perspective.